Life will change in many ways in 2020.Technology will improve our lives. Schools are going to change. For instance: now, we have to come school but in 2020, students won't have to come to school. People are going to change. For instance we do all the housework ourselves at home but in 2020, robots
will do it for us. New electronics will be discovered. The technology will make people’s life easier on the other hand it will make them lazy.
Technology will improve a lot in the future. In past, people didn't know how to use a computer. They didn't have computers at home. They didn't have. If any people wanted to read a newspaper they had to go to store and buy a newspaper then they could read it but now if any body wants to read a newspaper, they don't have to go to a store, they can go to internet and they can read a newspaper online. They can do this at home too. This means that life in 2020 will be more different from present. Maybe people will get the news transferred to their brains via Internet.
In the future, schools will be more different from present. For example in the past there was no computers in schools but now in there are a lot of computers in schools. In 2020 robots will be teachers and they will explain them if students don't understand something. People are going to change. For example: Now in present we have to do all work in our house but in future robots are going to do everything. They are going to clean the house, and cook. They going to do everything that you need to do in your home. Now you have to drive your car but in the future you don't need to do it because in 2020 there will be flying cars.
In 2020, new medicine will be discovered and it will save a lot of people’s lives. The medicine will cure the Aids virus and cancer so people will live longer and healtier.
I think life in 2020 will be different from present because of new technology. Technology will be more advance in future. It will make people’s lives more comfortable which will make them a little lazy.
Some people my age have no idea where they want to go from high school. I on the other hand, have most of my future already planned out based off of goals, hopes, and dreams. Knowing what I want to do with my life relieves a lot of stress and worry. I have no idea where I’m going to go, but at least I know how I want to get there. I know my college goals, how I want my lifestyle to be and what I want to do with my free time.
First off my main goal is to go to a good college and go for degrees that won’t make me bang my head against a wall with frustration. I really want to come out of high school with a 3.5 GPA. I know with grades like that I’m going to have a lot of options for schools. I would try to go to a tech school or university to get a bachelors degree in computers or an associates in art. I don’t know which I want to go for first, I’ll decide later. I’d choose those areas because art is something that I’ll always enjoy. It’s one of those things where it’s all about you and what you want done, its fun and you have something to show for after. It’s like writing in the ways of getting feelings down to remember but in a visual form. I’d only go to school for this for 2 years because even if I enjoy it, it doesn’t have much to offer for jobs. I choose computers because not only does math come easy but it’s also an important branch. Think about how often everybody uses computers and how fast technology improves! After I finish school here, I want to move to Florida to be with my family again. Then I want to go to a university there and get the other degree I didn’t get first. I might even change my mind and go for a writing degree. Writing is something I enjoy now and have for 7 years. I don’t see how that will ever change. All of these will leave a lot of options for jobs and all in categories I love. Hopefully I will have a successful job I like, and I can live a life I will enjoy.
Now, time to talk about my lifestyle. Being so busy with all this school and trying to pay for it will really affect my life. I will not have time for a family, not like I really want one anyway. That would just get in the way, and make a tight budget tighter. Even after I finish school I will be too occupied with work. I’m so set on success that even marriage sounds like it would be in the way. I just don’t have the responsibility to manage that. Looks like a bachelorette life for me! Another thing about my future life is I’m in high hopes I’ll have a good job. That will get me a decent home, money to spend on traveling, or other things I’d want to do to keep myself happy. I just don’t want to ever get too lonely. I’ll probably have a roommate, hopefully my cousin Erin who already lives in Florida. She’s my age and we’ve agreed it would be fun for us to live together. If no roommate, I can always get a pet. Great… I’ll probably be one of those old unhappy women with like 50 cats.
Last thing about my future is what I’m going to do in my spare time. One hobby I have is writing, like I said earlier. Writing for me is like documenting all the important times in my life worth remembering and how I feel about them. If I get a degree in that, it’d be even better because I could have a job doing something I do all the time anyway. I really want to travel a lot when I get older too. England is the main place I want to go to, I’d love to live there for a few years just for the experience. I’m in love with their culture, the fun fashion, the acceptance of people who are different and of course, the accents. Also they have really beautiful historic buildings with interesting stories. I’ll have to visit Wisconsin often too, since some of my family will still live here, even if I still have a strong hatred for this place. One last thing, I’d like to have an exciting social life, and fun people to share good times with. My best friend will probably be left out of those new experiences because she doesn’t want to leave home which will be a huge challenge for me. We’ve done everything together since we first became friends, she’s like my twin. On the bright side, maybe it just adds even more adventure to it if I’m forced to do it on my own. I think, no matter what happens to me, my future will be very exciting and I’ll never have to follow a boring routine.
So that’s what I want my life to be like all wrapped up, I want to reach my goals in college, live my dream lifestyle, and keep up with the hobbies and pastimes I have always loved. A spontaneous, yet laid back life is perfect for me. Do you know what you want to do with your life? Or did you, and did it turn out as you had hoped or expected?
